---
title: School History
permalink: /about-us/school-history/
description: ""
---
# School History of Admiralty Primary School
Established in 1997, Admiralty Primary School started with 45 classes at Woodlands Circle. Built in the midst of a flourishing public-housing neighbourhood, the school serves the growing population of children in the estate. Being a relatively young school, Admiralty Primary was free to experiment, create and innovate. In a few short years, the school managed to forge a unique identity for itself. The school was officially opened on 26 June 1999. Since then, Admiralty Primary School has gone from strength to strength to provide its students with an all-round education centred on developing their potential to the fullest and enabling them to succeed in an evolving landscape.

In recognition of the school’s National Education efforts, the school was awarded the Lee Kuan Yew National Education Award in 2003 and 2009. Building on its strong foundation in National Education, Admiralty Primary School implemented the Learning for Life Programme (LLP1), ‘Appreciating and Building Cross-Cultural Skills through the Arts’, in 2014. Anchoring on the importance of globalization, the school’s LLP1 was designed to enable its students to be globally aware and learn cross-cultural skills such as having the right attitude towards cultural differences, acquiring understanding of different cultural practices and worldviews, as well as developing the ability to understand, communicate and effectively interact with people across cultures within and outside of Singapore.

In 2015, the school embarked on its Learning for Life Programme (LLP2), ‘High Performance Mindset for Personal Leadership’. LLP2 seeks to inculcate a set of performance character values such as perseverance and confidence to enable its students to take on challenges, work hard, and act on their learning gaps for improvement. The school has a four-year performance character programme that teaches students ways to develop their performance characters coupled with authentic learning experiences for the students to put all that they have acquired into practice.

The school is certainly not one that rests on its laurel. In 2019, the school wove its LLP1 into its CCE school-based curriculum. It has since replaced its LLP1 with Applied Learning Programme (ALP), ‘Design Thinking for Sustainability’. The ALP seeks to develop the students’ sense of care and concern for environmental issues as well as arm them with a set of values upon which they could make sound decisions and take appropriate actions to promote environmental sustainability.
In 2017, Admiralty Primary School celebrated its 20th anniversary. The school remains committed to providing the best learning environment for its students, so that they will grow up to be Good Citizens and Passionate Learners.